# Layouts Extension

Is a collaboration of many parties that solved some common shortcomings with standard Radiant layouts. It has been branched to work with the TrustyCMS

https://github.com/pgharts/trusty-share-layouts-extension

## Nested Layouts

    lib/nested_layouts/core.rb
    
    spec/lib/nested_layouts/nested_layouts_extension_spec.rb
    spec/lib/nested_layouts/tags/core_spec.rb
    
== MIT License

Copyright (c) 2008 Michael O. Klett.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Shared Layouts

    lib/share_layouts/controllers/action_controller.rb
    lib/share_layouts/helpers/action_view.rb
    app/models/rails_page/action_view.rb
    
    spec/controllers/share_controller_spec.rb
    spec/lib/share_layouts/share_layouts_extension_spec.rb
    spec/lib/share_layouts/controllers/action_controller_spec.rb
    spec/lib/share_layouts/helpers/action_view_spec.rb

== MIT Licence

Copyright (c) 2010 Radiant - Jim Gay, William Ross

TrustyCms is released under the MIT license. The Radiant portions of the codebase are copyright (c) John W. Long and Sean Cribbs; anything after the fork is copyright (c) Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. A copy of the MIT license can be found in the LICENSE file.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## HAML Layouts

    lib/haml_layouts/models/layout.rb
    lib/haml_layouts/models/page.rb
    
    spec/lib/haml_layouts/haml_layouts_extension_spec.rb
    spec/lib/haml_layouts/models/layout_spec.rb
    spec/lib/haml_layouts/models/layout_spec.rb

== MIT Licence

Copyright (c) 2010 The Frontier Group Pty. Ltd - Dirk Kelly, Tony Issakov

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.